Chuck Norris is the only human being to display the Heisenberg uncertainty principle - you can never know both exactly where and how quickly he will roundhouse-kick you in the face.

Faster than a speeding bullet... More powerful than a locomotive... Able to leap tall buildings in a single bound... These are some of Chuck Norris's warm-up exercises.

Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.

If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always answers "Two seconds till". After you ask "Two seconds to what?", he roundhouse kicks you in the face.

The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.

There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.

Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick).

Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.

If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.

Chuck Norris can divide by zero.

If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.

There is no Esc key on Chuck Norris' keyboard, because no one escapes Chuck Norris.

No statement can catch the ChuckNorrisException.

When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it's across the room.

All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.

Chuck Norris doesn't have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.

Chuck Norris can't test for equality because he has no equal.

Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.

Chuck Norris doesn't bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.

Chuck Norris doesn't need a debugger, he just stares down the bug until the code confesses.

Chuck Norris can access private methods.

Chuck Norris can instantiate an abstract class.

Chuck Norris can write multi-threaded applications with a single thread.

Chuck Norris doesn't needs try-catch, exceptions are too afraid to raise.

Chuck Norris went out of an infinite loop.

If Chuck Norris writes code with bugs, the bugs fix themselves.

Chuck Norris hosting is 101% uptime guaranteed.

Chuck Norris insists on strongly-typed programming languages.

Chuck Norris protocol design method has no status, requests or responses, only commands.

Chuck Norris can compile syntax errors.

Chuck Norris compresses his files by doing a flying round house kick to the hard drive.

Chuck Norris's database has only one table, 'Kick', which he DROPs frequently.

When Chuck Norris break the build, you can't fix it, because there is not a single line of code left.

Chuck Norris types with one finger. He points it at the keyboard and the keyboard does the rest.

Chuck Norris does infinite loops in 4 seconds.

Product Owners never ask Chuck Norris for more features. They ask for mercy.

Product Owners never argue with Chuck Norris after he demonstrates the DropKick feature.

Chuck Norris never has to build his program to machine code. Machines have learnt to interpret Chuck Norris code.

Chuck Norris can make a class that is both abstract and final.

Chuck Norris already went to Moon and Mars, that's why there are no signs of life.

Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.

Once Chuck Norris and Superman had a competition. The loser had to wear his underwear over his pants.

Chuck Norris doesn’t win, he allows you to loose.

Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.

Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.

When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.

When you're Chuck Norris, anything + anything is equal to 1. One roundhouse kick to the face.

Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.

Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.

A Handicap parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.

When Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, the boomerang doesn't return because it's too afraid to come back. 

When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital. 

Chuck Norris frequently donates blood to the Red Cross. Just never his own. 

Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris. 

Chuck Norris doesn't wear a watch. He simply decides what time it is. 

Chuck Norris doesn't climb trees. He just pulls them down and walks on top of them. 

Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi. 

Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants. 

Chuck Norris won an arm wrestling match with both hands tied behind his back. 

When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris.
